{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 As I get older I get more anxious with the looming questions of: How do I move out? How can I budget my money, What do I have to look out for entering college, what questions do I ask about renting an apartment or even buying a home one day? I had never really thought about these questions before but now I wish I had someone give me these answers, or even the questions to even begin asking! I think my app could solve this problem, it would give daily or weekly articles on what you need to know transitioning to an adult, or even how to prepare for that transition. The app would notify users when an article is posted, possibly giving them an answer to a question they didn\'92t even know they had! And this is how my app differs, sometimes you don\'92t know what to ask so you don\'92t but if an app notifies you of things to know and look out for suddenly you have a lot more questions or any questions you didn\'92t even think to ask have been answered. Users would have the ability to bookmark and save articles , find recommended articles for their age group, and search for articles using keywords. This gives users one place to go to for credible information, giving them a space to learn more and ease their fears of all the trials that come with growing up.}